## Add your Bio beside your name make it 20-25 words


Avinash Nayak
Currently pursuing Information technology engineering in  Manipal Institute of Technology. 
Passionate about computers and its underlying technology. 
I take great pleasure in reading. I love to travel, and experience different cultures, and traditions. I keep up with new findings and researches.
I live by the words "if we do it now, we'll never run out of time".

Srinidhi Bhat

19.Originally from the town of Mulki, Srinidhi has lived in Goa almost all his life. 
Currently pursuing his BE in Information Technology at the Goa College of Engineering, 
he loves reading and writing alike. An ardent foodie, 
he wants to experience 100 different cuisines as a part of his Bucket List.
You can reach out to him on: srinidhibhat45@gmail.com

Shreyas Kamath

living in udupi,born and brought up in udupi. He is 19 year Old.
Currently Shreyas pursuing his B-Tech in Computer Science at Manipal Institute of Technology Manipal.
Mathematics is his field of interest.Loves Programming ,javascript and c++ are favourite programming language. 
He had habbit of collecting stamps,and also cook(sometimes).
you can reach out to him on: shreyaskamathbelle27@gmail.com



Pavan Kumar MS

Edric Dsilva

Ananya Prabhu

Ananya is from the town where coffee originated, Chikmagalur. She is currently pursuing her B.E in Electrical and Electronics 
from SJCE, Mysore. She believes that the purpose of life is just not to be happy, but to make some difference that you have lived
and lived well. Carpe diem happens to be her motto. She in her spare time cooks, an explorer in her takes her to new view points. She is 
fond animals specially dogs and is looking forward to build a shelter home for the strays ones. 
You can reach out to her on: anyaravindra@gmail.com



Mayur Shet

Currently studying in NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte. His academic focus is to score good CGPA and 
get placed in good company which provides him the opportunity to improve his skills and knowledge to grow
along with the company objective. Mayur is interested in athletics and outdoor sports like Football and Cricket. 
He loves watching movies, hanging out with friends and is always ready to travel and trekk at any point of time.
you can reach out to him on: mayurmshet7@gmail.com

